>> Jen Kramer: Hopefully,
you had a pretty easy time going ahead and
fitting in that typescale onto
the homepage and the inside page.
And I'll just show you what I did.
Your answers may be slightly different,
I'll give you a full credit for it anyway.
Here's the way that I went ahead and
worked this.
So just like we had the math before,
I have my base font size and my typescale,
just as we set them before.
Although this time, I'm working
with Rems instead of working with
Ems just to show you that you
can work with different units.
And then, I pulled out the h5 and the h4.
I'm not actually using them in any of my
documents, so I just pulled them out.
You absolutely could keep them in.
So there's that.
I have my small text, which I called
by a different variable name.
Just because I wanted to be different.
And then,
the last part here is this header margin.
I want you to take note of the fact that
I'm using this same technique here with
a margin that's going to
change across media queries.
So far today, we've looked layout, we've
really intensely looked at layout and
the ways that we can use
this technique of calc and
custom properties and changing
their values across media queries.
And applying it in these contexts,
layout and text.
But you can do this with anything else
that happens to be there in your style
sheet that changes across a media quarry.
So here's an example of our header margin,
a value that's going to
wind up having to change.
So I've gone ahead and declared that as
a variable, and we'll change it later.
So then, we've got our h1, h2, h3,
our paragraph, our small sizes.
Pretty much the same.
>> Jen Kramer: I've
gone back through here,
I made my menu a slightly
smaller text size.
My menu toggle, I made bigger.
That's the hamburger button,
that's what that class is from.
So I went ahead and associated that
with the largest font size, okay?
The h1, that's the child,
the immediate child of the section,
has got the small
text size because it's actually small
gray type on the top of those columns.
So just cuz it's called h1 in the variable
doesn't mean you have to always use it on
your h1s.
So there's an example of that.
Then, I went ahead and I scaled up
my header h1, which is actually,
I think, the words the layout times.
Actually, I wanted those even bigger than
what I had before, so I just went ahead
and scaled it up here as a one-off, cuz I
don't necessarily need to use this layer.
I absolutely could have set that up as
a calculation further up in the root of
the document,
if that's what I wanted to do.
And then,
here's where that margin comes in, so
there's that header margin, all right?
>> Jen Kramer: Let's see.
>> Jen Kramer: A couple of other
declarations here for font sizes.
And then here, in my media queries,
all I did was change my type scale
to these values for whatever reason.
I don't remember why I chose these values.
But anyway, that's what I did.
And then my header margin definitely
changed once I got over 740 pixels, okay?
So this is pretty much
the way it would work, okay?
So you can just take all your type sizes,
you can put it in your own SAS partial
file or a section of your CSS,
whatever works for you, and there you go.
It's really now very easy to go and
change font sizes globally
throughout your document, isn't it?
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, and so, if you
wanna take a look at how these pages
are looking, just so
you can say, let's see here.
>> Jen Kramer: I'll just pop them up
in the browser here, and show you,
if you haven't looked at them already.
>> Jen Kramer: There we go.
So you see that our logo looks
a little bit nicer than it did before.
And then, when I narrow things down here,
my navigation actually doesn't wrap in
terms of its size, which is kinda nice.
And my hamburger button looks
a little bit more beefed up, beefy.
It's a beefy hamburger button.
And that's still looking
pretty good as well, okay?